Clarify updateNecessary (#1332)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/UpdateWizards/Creation.rst

   returned.

Method :php:`updateNecessary`

>    Is called to check whether the updater has to run. Return :php:`true`, if an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Is called to check whether the upgrade wizard has to run. Return :php:`true`, if an
```

>    update is necessary, :php:`false` if not. If false is returned, the upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   update is necessary, :php:`false` if not. If :php:`false` is returned, the upgrade
```
